Docs: update the UI language guide. (#15891)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/getting-started/setup/ui-language.md

We are doing our best to deliver the best RTL support to our users and we constantly improve the editor. Check out the [RTL support](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5/issues/1151) issue on GitHub to learn more and stay up–to–date. Your feedback is much appreciated!

## Loading additional languages from npm or CDN

 By default, the editor will display in American English. This is the language built into the `ckeditor.js` files. To change the language of the editor UI, you need to load additional language file(s). Check out the following sections to see how to do that:

* [npm](#npm)
* [CDN](#cdn)

### npm

> After installing the build from npm, languages will be available via `ckeditor5/dist/translations/[lang].js`.
> 
> You can load a single language directly to your code by importing. For example, to use Polish, call `'ckeditor5/dist/translations/pl.js'`. Sample editor code will look similar to this one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After installing the build from npm, translations can be imported from `ckeditor5/dist/translations/[lang].js` and must be passed to the editor configuration.

For example, to use Polish, import `'ckeditor5/dist/translations/pl.js'` and pass the translation object to the editor configuration:
```

Just a suggestion

```js
import { ClassicEditor, Essentials, Paragraph } from 'ckeditor5';
import translations from 'ckeditor5/dist/translations/pl.js';

import 'ckeditor5/dist/styles.css';

await ClassicEditor.create( document.querySelector( '#editor' ), {
	plugins: [
		Essentials,
		Paragraph,
	],
	toolbar: {
		items: [ 'undo', 'redo' ]
	},
	translations
} );
```

See the {@link getting-started/quick-start#installing-ckeditor-5-using-npm npm installation guide} for more information.

### CDN

To use different language than the default one (English), you need to load the editor together with the preferred language:

```html

> <script src="https://cdn.ckeditor.com/ckeditor5/dist/ckeditor.js"></script>
> <script src="https://cdn.ckeditor.com/ckeditor5/dist/translations/[lang].js"></script>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<script src="https://cdn.ckeditor.com/ckeditor5/dist/ckeditor.js"></script>
```

> ```

Reviewer: These two tags will no longer be required.

Author: OK, should I just delete this passage then?
